{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22000}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\ul\b\fs48 CAB BOOKING \fs44\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\strike\par
\ulnone\strike0\fs36 1. Introduction\par
\b0\fs22 CAB BOOKING SYSTEM \fs12  \fs28 is a web-based application useful for car travel agencies for handling office works. This project aims at managing overall car services by handling finance, human resource, maintenance and movement in addition to details of customers, employees, payment and cars.\par

\pard\keep\keepn\sb260\sa200\sl240\slmult1\b\f1\fs36 Purpose \par

\pard\li450\sl220\slmult0\b0\fs28 This document describes the requirements for Booking Car Management System,  In addition to, helping customer book cars easily and convenient.\par
\par
\b\fs44 Actors\par
\par
\b0\fs28 1. User\par
2. Admin\par
3. Driver\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs36\par
\b Requirements:\par
\b0\fs28 1.User-centric booking process\par
\fs24 The customer is the king of any sort of business. Be it online or offline. our app should be optimized in a way so that the user will face no inconvenience when booking a ride. It should feel smooth and navigation should be easy and user-friendly.\par
\par
\fs28 2. Real-time ride tracking\fs24\par
Users should be provided with the facility to track their taxi once they order it. They must not have any doubt about when will the taxi arrive or where the taxi is right now. Right until they get off at their destination, they should be able to track their taxi\rquote s location.      \par
\par
\fs28 3. Booking flexibility\fs24\par
The user should be allowed to book a taxi right away or sometime later. Canceling ordered services should also be allowed. These tasks should be hassle-free.\b\fs36\par
\b0\fs24\par
\b\fs36 Login page:\fs32\par
\b0\fs24 Contain navbar with company logo and about option for company details. Then has the field for user mobile number entering field and a button to send mobile number and to return OTP after getting OTP there is a field to enter OTP. After that contains a login button to login to the Home page.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Field to enter mobile Number and an OTP is send to that number\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Button to send mobile number(constraints: only integers is possible)\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}OTP entering field\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Login Button\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 After entering OTP it will redirect to Home page .\par
\par
\b\fs36 Home page \b0 :\par
\fs24 Home page contain an attractive design, color combinations and user friendly to make sure that the users should stay in the page. And the page conatins fields for entering the starting and ending locations of cab and need a search button redirecting to cab-booking page.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22 Starting location  entering field.( Or  location permission)\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Destination location entering field.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Search button\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}This page also have the option used to checking or to cancel our existing booking\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 After clicking the submit button this page will redirect to Cab-Booking page\par
\b\fs36 Cab-Booking page has\b0 :\par
\fs24 Cab-booking page also need colorful design and user friendly and should have the details of Available cabs, Price details, time and date details. And able to select the necessary cab and then redirect to details page.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Provides the details of available cabs.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Different types of vehicles.(Suv,Xuv,sedan)\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Price details (Budget-friendly options)\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Then user need to provide time and date.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 From these page it will redirect to Details page\fs22 .\par
\par
\b\fs36 RIDE PREVIEW PAGE:\par
\b0\fs22 Once the user enters this page, the details such as ;\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 [From]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}[To]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}[Date]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}[Time]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}[Route of the ride]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}[Assigned driver info]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}[Type and model and Reg.number of the car for the ride]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}[Photos of the car]\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}[final fare]\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\b\fs32 PAYMENT PAGE:\par
\b0\fs22 Payment page should present with options to payment such as\par
1. Card Payment -Debit or Credit \par
card number- card Expiry date - CVV , Bank OTP\par
2. UPI \par
UPI id , mobile Number\par
3.Net banking\par
4.Cash Payment\par
\par
If card is selected the paymet page will collect paymet details\par
\b\fs36 Details page\b0 :\par
\fs22 This page contains the map details of cab help the users to track the location of the cab. This page should be flexible to attach map details.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Contains map details\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Cab tracking facility\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs36 Admin access system\par
\fs32 Login page:\par
\b0\fs24 Contain navbar with company logo and about option for company details. Then has the field for entering user name and password. After that contains a login button to login to the admin page.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Field to user name and password.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Login Button\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 After verifing the user name and password, it will redirect to admin page .\par
\b\fs32 Admin Dashboard page:\par
\b0\fs24 Admin can able to see the details of number of users and their details and also able to see the number of cabs and thier details too. Here admin can monitor the overall performance of the app and also able to see the profit level of the app and user experince and feedbacks and reports by the users.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Space for number of users and number  of cabs\b\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b0 Also have the a graph space for showing the profit level (growth)\b\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b0 FeedBack receiving area and report receiving\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0  \b\par
\fs28 Driver access system\par
\fs32 Driver login:\fs24\par
\b0 This page contain an attractive design and input fields to enter the user name and password for the drivers. After entering the user name and password the click login button to sign in. If they doesn't have an account then they need to click sign up option they will redirect to registration page.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Input field for entering user name and password.\b\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b0 Forgot password option\b\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b0 login button\b\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b0 Sign up option\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 If clicking login button they will redirect to Driver-Home page.\par
If clicking sign up button they will redirect to registration page\par
\b Driver-Registration page:\par
\b0 This page is for register the details of cab and drivers and their contacting details. This page also check about the verification of details that enter by the user. \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Field for entering name, phone\b\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b0 Field for providing Driving license\b\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b0 Field for entering vehicle number\b\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b0 Vehicle type details entering field\b\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b0 vehicle photos\b\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b0 Submit button for registeration\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 After clicking submit button it redirect to login page.\par
\b\fs36 Driver-Home page:\par
\b0\fs24 This page contain the details of user booking to the the cab, i.e the notification from user to driver which the driver can able to accept or decline. Also provide space for showing the nearest cab details. Cab availability management setting.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Space for showing other cab details.\b\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b0 Notification receiving space with accept and decline button.\b\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b0 Cab availability changing button.\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\par
\b0  \b\par
\par
\b0\fs22\par
\par
}
 